fix(iam): add schemas, add doc re: activation, add to quickstart (#1039)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/iam/videos.mdx

---
meta:
  title: IAM - Videos
  description: This page provides a selection of video tutorials to help you get started with Identity and Access Management
content:
  h1: Videos
  paragraph: Video Tutorials
dates:
  validation: 2022-11-30
  posted: 2021-11-30
---

## Introduction to Identity and Access Management (IAM)

> This video gives provides a quick overview of Scaleway's Identity and Access Management (IAM) feature. We show our existing users how to activate IAM on their account, demonstrate the instant migration process, and present the functionality you have access to in the Scaleway console via your IAM dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video provides a quick overview of Scaleway's Identity and Access Management (IAM) feature. We show our existing users how to activate IAM on their account, demonstrate the instant migration process, and present the functionalities you have access to in the Scaleway console via your IAM dashboard.
```
